---
title: 2022 - A New Year
description: Post on how 2021 went from being really... shit to amazing!
createdAt: 2022-01-04T03:12:54.608Z
---

content warning // suicide

Hello! As you may of know, today is January 3rd (as the time I am writing this post) and 2021 has been... an amazing year for me, maybe one of the most greatest out of my 17 years of living.

But, how did it come being really shit to amazing?

## January 2021

I's the new year of 2021, I am still very depressed with suicidal thoughts, but if I haven't
had my friends Emily or Ice (at the time) to help me calm down, then I don't think I would be here today. I'd say January was the worst month of this year.

I did think about ending it all and attempting twice on seperate days, not my proudest moment at all. I was
a broken record, what could fix me? I had no clue. Nothing seemed to work, but... I survived January.

## Febuary 2021

After all of that, I am alive! Great right? Somewhat. I am recoving from what happened last year from all
the attempts but, I feel more happier than last month. Then, I started to develop a crush on Ice around the
end of Feburary! Did I get accepted? Who knows! (spoiler: yes)

## March 2021

This month was when me and Ice started to talk more and play video games around 2AM, then I told him. He said yes. I don't know if you count that as a win, but it felt like it.

Then it was my birthday on the 24th, and... I haven't felt happier on my birthday than any year through out my childhood.

## March - November 2021

I don't really remember what happened through out the year, but it was amazing and I wouldn't trade it for
anything else. <3

## December 2021

Finally! It's winter break time, and it's starting to be Christmas. I went out with my family on Christmas Eve
and I got a new laptop for christmas with $215 USD (I been a good boy >W< and saving it!)

Now we're at 2022. Would I make another post on this year? probably

---

Thanks for reading~

~ **noel**
